com/example/desafioinventario/databinding/FragmentPerfilBinding.java
 com.example.desafioinventario.databinding.FragmentPerfilBinding
com/example/desafioinventario/databinding/NavHeaderInterfazUsuarioBinding.java
 com.example.desafioinventario.databinding.NavHeaderInterfazUsuarioBinding
com/example/desafioinventario/databinding/CursosListBinding.java
 com.example.desafioinventario.databinding.CursosListBinding
com/example/desafioinventario/databinding/AppBarInterfazUsuarioBinding.java
 com.example.desafioinventario.databinding.AppBarInterfazUsuarioBinding
com/example/desafioinventario/databinding/ContentInterfazUsuarioBinding.java
 com.example.desafioinventario.databinding.ContentInterfazUsuarioBinding
com/example/desafioinventario/databinding/DispositivosCreaterBinding.java
 com.example.desafioinventario.databinding.DispositivosCreaterBinding
com/example/desafioinventario/databinding/UsuariosModifierBinding.java
 com.example.desafioinventario.databinding.UsuariosModifierBinding
com/example/desafioinventario/databinding/FragmentUsuariosBinding.java
 com.example.desafioinventario.databinding.FragmentUsuariosBinding
com/example/desafioinventario/databinding/UsuariosItemBinding.java
 com.example.desafioinventario.databinding.UsuariosItemBinding
com/example/desafioinventario/databinding/EncargadosListBinding.java
 com.example.desafioinventario.databinding.EncargadosListBinding
com/example/desafioinventario/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.desafioinventario.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/desafioinventario/databinding/AulasSpinnerBinding.java
 com.example.desafioinventario.databinding.AulasSpinnerBinding
com/example/desafioinventario/databinding/AulasCreaterBinding.java
 com.example.desafioinventario.databinding.AulasCreaterBinding
com/example/desafioinventario/databinding/PasswordChangerBinding.java
 com.example.desafioinventario.databinding.PasswordChangerBinding
com/example/desafioinventario/databinding/DispositivosItemBinding.java
 com.example.desafioinventario.databinding.DispositivosItemBinding
com/example/desafioinventario/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.desafioinventario.BuildConfig
com/example/desafioinventario/databinding/FragmentDispositivosBinding.java
 com.example.desafioinventario.databinding.FragmentDispositivosBinding
com/example/desafioinventario/databinding/FragmentAulasBinding.java
 com.example.desafioinventario.databinding.FragmentAulasBinding
com/example/desafioinventario/databinding/AulasItemBinding.java
 com.example.desafioinventario.databinding.AulasItemBinding
com/example/desafioinventario/databinding/ActivitySplashScreenBinding.java
 com.example.desafioinventario.databinding.ActivitySplashScreenBinding
com/example/desafioinventario/databinding/ActivityInventarioBinding.java
 com.example.desafioinventario.databinding.ActivityInventarioBinding
com/example/desafioinventario/databinding/ActivityInterfazUsuarioBinding.java
 com.example.desafioinventario.databinding.ActivityInterfazUsuarioBinding
